+++
aliases = ["/probability-postdoc-position-in-bristol-starting-1-oct-2017/"]
categories = ["news", "open positions"]
date = "2016-11-10 11:59:45"
slug = "probability-postdoc-position-in-bristol-starting-1-oct-2017"
title = "Probability postdoc position in Bristol, starting 1 Oct 2017"
+++
<div>

Applications are invited for a 3 year Research Associate role in
Mathematics, tenable from <span class="aBn" tabindex="0"
term="goog_344266126"><span class="aQJ">1 October 2017</span></span> (or
a nearby date to be agreed). The aim of this project, funded by EPSRC
UK, is to perform cutting edge research in the following two fields of
modern probability theory and stochastic processes: (a) random walks and
diffusions with long memory (including self-interacting walks, walks in
random environment, tracer diffusion in interacting particle systems);
(b) stochastic representations in statistical mechanics with special
emphasis on quantum spin and particle systems. The Research Associate
will work with Professor [Balint
Toth](https://people.maths.bris.ac.uk/%7Emabat/) at the [School of
Mathematics](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/maths/), [University of
Bristol](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/).

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

The applicant should have, or expect to hold shortly, a PhD in
Mathematics or Theoretical Physics and experience in some aspect of
probability theory, stochastic processes and/or mathematical statistical
physics.

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

The [School of Mathematics](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/maths/),
[University of Bristol](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/) is a leading centre
of mathematical research in the UK and worldwide. The vibrant research
atmosphere, seminars, colloquia and workshops held regularly there will
secure an optimal professional environment for the prospective post
holder.

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

The School will occupy its new home, the fully renovated [Fry
Building](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/estates/projects/fry/) of the
University at about the starting time of this position. This will be one
of the few most stunning mathematics buildings of a UK university.

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

The School of Mathematics is a supporter of the [LMS Good Practice
Scheme](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/maths/about/working-environment/)
aiming at advancing women's careers in mathematics.

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

For informal enquiries please contact: Professor [Balint
Toth](https://people.maths.bris.ac.uk/%7Emabat/) at
&lt;<balint.toth@bristol.ac.uk>&gt;

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

For full information about the job and online application [click
here](http://www.bristol.ac.uk/jobs/find/details.html?nPostingId=5266&nPostingTargetId=19681&id=Q50FK026203F3VBQBV7V77V83&LG=UK&mask=uobext).

</div>

<div>

</div>
